docs: Rename Admin Roles to get rid of Partner-naming (#1075)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/administration.service-brokers.md

To manage Open Service Brokers that are available in the system go to the Service Broker page of **Marketplace** section of the **Administration** area .

> All available Service Brokers are listed here, even the [private](meshstack.meshmarketplace.development.md#register-your-service-broker) ones. This provides Admins with an overview about all Service Brokers in the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All available Service Brokers are listed here, even the [private](meshstack.meshmarketplace.development.md#register-your-service-broker) ones. This provides admin users with an overview about all Service Brokers in the system.
```
